hi and welcome to the sky Bellini
showroom here at Atherton appliance and
kitchens skavlan is produced in the
Italian town of Pizarro let's take a
closer look the three door styles that
scav aleni offers are laminate lacquer
and wood veneer you can get the lacquers
in either a matte or glossy finish as
well as the lemon it's neither a matte
or glossy finish the countertops that we
use in Scavo Leaney are all Caesarstone
countertops because they are non-porous
and because they are stronger than
surfaces like granite and also they
don't have the movement that granite
offers there's more of a consistent
surface that matches the style of the
cabinetry this is the life series
kitchen with a cherry wood veneer
slotted door with horizontal grainy a
feature unique to scallopini alone Gavan
Leaney produces modular cabinets with
bloom glides and cool accessories like
plate dividers scatter Leaney also
offers frosted glass doors that you can
intermix throughout your kitchen welcome
to the home line in scav aleni this
kitchen features slatted italian walnut
base and glossy lacquer portion cream
wall units appliances featured are
Gaghan al miele and sub-zero bubba think
we have a wonderful feature a cou
European plate drying system not found
anywhere in American cabinetry
you
this is the Vega series kitchen Vega is
a luminol framed door offered neither
laminate or lacquer some truly unique
features are the expanding larder units
sliding glass wall units offered in
either frosted glass or frosted mirror
and a rotating pantry unit that revolves
completely 360 degrees
our final kitchen today is the sleek and
stylish test series offered in laminate
or lacquer with an integrated hand grip
as well as glass partitions skavlan II
offers stainless-steel countertops and
backsplashes it's also important to note
that skavlan II can custom fit any US
appliance skavlan ease lead time to 16
to 18 weeks and all shipments are
delivered by water freight from Italy to
the Port of Oakland pricing force
Cavallini cabinetry is 1/3 less than
most of its European competitors most
European cabinet lines average from
60,000 to 70,000 the average scav aleni
kitchen price is only 25 thousand so
that's the end of our tour here at the
scheduling new showroom please click on
the link below to schedule your own
personal tour thanks